中文版：

虚拟机械试验室 评估试用版 许可协议

版权所有 © 2022 - 2023 刘汉涛 心倾   微信公众号：心倾（ID：Xin-Qing7）   https://gitee.com/LHTXQ/   https://github.com/LHTXQ/ 

	特此向任何获得副本的个人免费授予许可，仅以评估试用为目的地使用本软件、运行依赖项、资源文件及相关文档文件(包括但不限于此四者在后续合称“（本）软件”)，包括但不限于修改、合并、发布、反编译、编译、逆向工程（反编译以及利用反射技术探查本软件工作原理、代码结构、获取技术参数或修改运行时代码等或与之类似的行为）、再许可和/或出售本软件的副本在内的行为都是被禁止的，包括使用、复制和再分发在内的行为在满足下列条件时是允许的：

	1、上述版权声明和本许可声明应包括在所有本软件的副本及其组件中，确保使用者遵守本软件协议、补充协议以及文档中的其他规定。
	2、同意本软件作者或版权持有人可在任何时间和任何情况下修改或终止授权协议，并在承诺在授权协议禁止使用本软件时立即删除本软件任何副本。
	3、同意本软件搜集、处理、上传并使用其运行系统的硬件、软件信息（其中可能包含某些个人信息），其目的包括但不限于：优化程序兼容性、分析性能、确保本软件在取得授权的前提下运行。在某些情况下，可能会要求你提供额外的信息，提供即代表你授权本软件权利所有者（作者或版权持有人）获取并使用前述信息。
	4、本软件提供部分公开的API以供使用者编写并运行脚本、允许脚本与本软件进行交互，使用此功能时需遵守：a、只能使用本软件文档中明确公开说明允许使用的API；b、不可利用此功能进行逆向工程。
	5、若没有特别约定的，在使用本软件、持有本软件副本期间，本软件权利所有者（作者或版权持有人）有权在不特别通知的情况下随时修改、更新授权协议，若你继续使用本软件、持有本软件副本，则表示你同意更新后的协议。修改、更新后的协议将通过包括但不限于网站、主页、微信公众号等方式公布，请随时关注。在新的协议公布之时起，你拥有二十四小时的豁免期，在此期间，你可继续使用本软件、持有本软件副本，并在豁免期结束前决定同意新协议或停止使用本软件并删除本软件副本。
	6、同意本软件包含的归属于其他作者或版权持有人的组件的授权协议，若在中国大陆法律框架下其他协议与此协议有冲突，或在其他协议的规定下本软件作者或版权持有人无法私有本软件或无法使本软件保持闭源状态，则本软件自动与该条前述协议及其关联组件断开任何联系，并且你不应使用本软件并应及时删除本软件副本。
	7、同意本软件在不通知的情况下，从本地或网络更新、更改其组件以改变其运行行为。
	8、评估试用本软件的期限为半年或五十次使用（以首先达到限制时间或次数的条件为准），在达到限制条件后，你应停止使用本软件并删除本软件副本。若无特别说明，本软件每发布新版本，则重新计算新版本的评估试用期限或次数，旧版本的软件被完全禁止使用，你应停止使用旧版本的软件并删除其副本。若无特别约定，评估试用的起始时间为每个版本的软件发布之时，而非你初次获取本软件副本或使用本软件之时。
	9、同意本软件在运行或更改其组件的过程中，在无任何通知的情况下，使用系统资源（包括但不限于计算资源、网络资源）、在系统中写入、修改或删除文件（包括但不限于包含于本软件副本中的文件），由此产生的费用、代价及其他后果由使用者承担。
	10、进行任何上述允许的行为之外的行为均需取得本软件作者或版权持有人的书面许可。
	11、若有任何纠纷，则仲裁地为中国大陆软件权利所有者（作者或版权持有人）所在地法院。若本协议包含与中国政府颁布的适用于中国大陆的现行法律相悖的条款（后称“冲突条款”），则冲突条款按符合前述法律规定的方式以最接近原表述意义的方式继续生效或视为作废，其他条款仍按原表述的意义有效。
	12、在评估试用期间使用本软件直接或间接地以盈利、和/或有偿或无偿提供劳动、和/或学习知识的情况下，你应当保留本软件任何输出内容中的版权标志、在成果（直接或间接的）介绍和宣传资料中提及本软件，并在他人询问本软件相关信息时主动提供本软件官方介绍、网站、公众号等等有助于他人了解本软件的信息。

	本软件是“按原样”提供的，没有任何形式明示或隐含的保证，包括但不限于适销性保证、适用于特定目的和非侵权。在任何情况下（无论是在合同诉讼、侵权诉讼或其他诉讼中，在本软件之外或与本软件的使用或其他有关软件相关的），作者或版权持有人不对任何索赔、损害或其他诉求负有责任。若不可避免地需对本软件造成的任何损害赔偿，则赔偿方式只可为钱，且最小赔偿金额为判决时日常生活中人民币最小计量单位（如二〇二二年时为一分，即零点零壹元），具体赔偿金额及支付方式由本软件作者或版权持有人决定，若申请赔偿者在二十四小时内无法以本软件作者或版权持有人选择的方式接受赔偿，则表示放弃接受赔偿、撤销该赔偿申请并保证未来不再以同样的事件提出赔偿申请。

************************************

English version (Machine translation from Chinese version, for reference only, in case of any dispute, Chinese version shall prevail) :

Virtual Machine Laboratory Evaluation trial license Agreement

Copyright © 2022-2023 Liu Hantao   XinQing  WeChat Official Acount: 心倾 (ID: Xin-Qing7)   https://gitee.com/LHTXQ/   https://github.com/LHTXQ/

	License is hereby granted free of charge to any individual who has obtained a copy to use the Software, run the dependencies, resource files and related documentation files (including but not limited to the four hereinafter collectively referred to as "(This) Software") solely for the purpose of evaluation trial,
Any action including, but not limited to, modifying, merging, distributing, decompiling, compiling, reverse engineering (decompiling and using reflection techniques to explore how the software works, code structure, obtaining technical parameters or modifying runtime code, or similar), sublicensing and/or selling copies of the software are prohibited.
Actions including use, copying, and redistribution are permitted if:

	1. The copyright Notice and this License Notice shall be included in all copies of the Software and its components to ensure user's compliance with the Software Agreement, supplementary Agreement and other provisions in the documentation.
	2. Agree that the Software author or copyright holder may modify or terminate the License Agreement at any time and under any circumstances, and promise to immediately delete any copy of the Software when the License Agreement prohibits the use of the Software.
	3. Agrees that the Software collects, processes, uploads and uses hardware and software information (which may include some personal information) of its operating system for the purposes including but not limited to: optimizing program compatibility, analyzing performance and ensuring that the software runs under the premise of obtaining authorization.
In some cases, you may be asked to provide additional information. By providing additional information, you authorize the software rights holder (author or copyright holder) to obtain and use such information.
	4. The Software provides part of publicly available apis for users to write and run scripts and allow scripts to interact with the software. When using this function, users should comply with: a. Only apis that are explicitly and publicly stated in the software documentation are allowed to be used; b. This function cannot be used for reverse engineering.
	5. If there is no special agreement, the owner of the right of the Software (author or copyright holder) has the right to modify and update the License Agreement at any time without special notice during the period of using the software and holding a copy of the Software. If you continue to use the software and hold a copy of the Software, you agree to the updated Agreement.
The revised and updated Agreement will be published through the website, home page, wechat official account and other means, please pay attention at any time.
Upon publication of the new Agreement, you have a twenty-four hour waiver period during which you may continue to use the Software, hold a copy of the Software, and decide to agree to the new Agreement or stop using the Software and delete a copy of the Software before the end of the Waiver Period.
	6. Agree that the Software contains the license agreement of components belonging to other authors or copyright holders. If there is any conflict between the agreement and other agreements under the legal framework of mainland China, or the author or copyright holder of the Software is unable to proprietary the Software or keep the Software in closed source state under the provisions of other agreements,
The software automatically disconnects from the said Agreement and its associated components, and you shall not use the software and delete the copy of the software in time.
	7. The Software agrees to update and change its components locally or from the network to change its operating behavior without notice.
	8. Evaluation trial period of this software is half a year or 50 times (subject to the conditions of first reaching the limit time or number), after reaching the limit conditions, you should stop using this software and delete the copy of this software.
Unless otherwise stated, each time a new version of the software is released, the evaluation trial period or number of the new version will be recalculated. The use of the old version of the software is completely prohibited. You should stop using the old version of the software and delete its copy.
Unless otherwise agreed, the start time of the evaluation trial is the release of each version of the software and not the first time you obtain a copy of the Software or use the Software.
	9. The User agrees that in the process of running or changing its components, the user shall, without any notice, use system resources (including but not limited to computing resources and network resources) and write, modify or delete files (including but not limited to files contained in copies of the Software) into the system, and the costs, costs and other consequences arising therefrom shall be borne by the user.
	10. Any behavior other than the above permitted behavior shall be subject to the written permission of the software author or copyright holder.
	11. In case of any dispute, the place for arbitration shall be the court where the software rights holder (author or copyright holder) is located in Mainland China.
If this Agreement contains provisions that are contrary to the laws in force and applicable in Mainland China promulgated by the Government of the People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as the "Conflict Provisions"), the conflict provisions shall remain in force or be deemed void in the manner consistent with the foregoing laws in the manner closest to their original meaning, and the remaining provisions shall remain in force and effect as originally expressed.
	12. If you use the Software directly or indirectly for profit, and/or to provide paid or unpaid labor, and/or to learn knowledge during the evaluation trial period, you shall retain the copyright mark in any output of the Software, and mention the software in the (direct or indirect) introduction and publicity materials of the results.
When others ask about the relevant information of the software, they will actively provide the official introduction of the software, website, official account and other information that will help others to understand the software.

	The software is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
In no event shall the author or copyright holder be liable for any claim, damage or other claim (whether in a contractual action, infringement action or other action, in addition to or in connection with the use of or in connection with the Software).
If compensation for any damage to the Software is inevitably required, the compensation shall be in the form of money only, and the minimum amount of compensation shall be the minimum unit of measurement of RMB in daily life at the time of judgment (for example, one cent in 2002, namely zero and one yuan). The specific amount of compensation and the method of payment shall be determined by the software author or copyright holder.
If the applicant cannot accept the compensation within 24 hours in the way chosen by the software author or copyright holder, he/she shall waive the acceptance of the compensation, cancel the application for compensation and guarantee that he/she will not apply for compensation in the future for the same event.